There we go.
Wait don't go
Shit, is there anything else?
Today you put down what you are doing
Come to my wedding
These are my brothers.
Anyone who looks down on you looks down on me
Even if I don't get married today
I also want you to eat here
Li Wushuang, what do you mean?
You have to go against me
Are you trying to piss me off?
I said Boss Tang
Your daughter is so outstanding
She is just a Li family wife
How can I deserve it?
Return this attitude
If it was me, I couldn't stand it for a long time.
I've already heard
The Li family has inherited the Li family
Inherit to the second son Li Dongjie
He has completely fallen out of favor and has been reduced to a commoner
Aoxue follow him
It's a waste.
I persuaded Aoxue
Let him tear up the book
He had to insist.
Miss Tang is really affectionate
It's a pity. It's a pity.
I don't care.
Today, these migrant workers are not leaving
I just die.
I won't let Aoxue marry you either
Forget it, I won't make it difficult for you
Why don't we go?
Don't go
Hey, it's alright, nonsense
We all know you are a good person.
Miss Tan is excellent
We are all happy for you to marry her.
Don't let us see if you're married or not.
We all feel guilty
Oh yes I said we were country people
I'm used to being yelled at by the rich
It's okay.
You don't have to care that we scold the population
Stop talking
I have to let you know today
I booked the opera hotel here
I have the final say here
Whoever dares to look down on you
That's my enemy.